Doc fixes (#8216)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/destination_types/aws_lambda/cross-account.md

1. Disable Function Discovery (FDS), which automatically discovers functions in your authentication account. You can disable FDS in one of the following ways:
   - In the Gloo Edge Enterprise Helm chart, set `gloo.discovery.fdsMode` to `DISABLED`.
   - In the `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource, set `spec.discovery.fdsMode` to `DISABLED`.

2. Create an upstream resource for each Lambda function that you want to route to.
   - In the `spec.aws.roleArn` field, specify the IAM role ARN that is used to invoke the Lambda functions, which you created for the Lambda account in step 2.3 of the previous section.
   - In the `spec.aws.lambdaFunctions` section, specify the Lambda function details.
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: gloo.solo.io/v1
   kind: Upstream
   metadata:
     name: aws-upstream
     namespace: gloo-system
   spec:
     aws:
       region: us-east-1
       secretRef:
         name: aws-creds
         namespace: gloo-system
       roleArn: arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/lambda-role
       lambdaFunctions:
       - lambdaFunctionName: target-name
         logicalName: target-name
   ```

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps optional last step to the verify h2?
```suggestion
3. Optional: [Verify routing](#verify-routing).
```

## Resource-based configuration

### AWS configuration

> For this configuration you will need to create a user or role in the authentication account, and a Lambda function in the account that contains the Lambda functions. The Lambda function will have a resource-based policy statement which will allow the user or role in the authentication account to invoke it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the AWS configuration, you create a user or role in the authentication account, and a Lambda function in the account that contains the Lambda functions. The Lambda function has a resource-based policy statement which allows the user or role in the authentication account to invoke it.
```

1. Create the following resources for your authentication account. 
   1. Create a user or role in your authentication account. Be sure to give the user or role the `lambda:InvokeFunction` permission, so that the role can used to invoke the Lambda functions in the other account.
   2. Create an access key for the user or role, which is used to authenticate with AWS when invoking the Lambda functions.
   3. Create a Kubernetes secret that contains the access key and secret key.
      ```sh
      glooctl create secret aws \
          --name 'aws-creds' \
          --namespace gloo-system \
          --access-key $ACCESS_KEY \
          --secret-key $SECRET_KEY
      ```

2. Create the following resources for your Lambda account.
   1. Choose an existing or create a new Lambda function that you want to route to.
   2. Define a resource-based policy statement for the function, which allows the user in the authentication account to invoke it.
      1. In the AWS console, select the Lambda function.
      2. Click the **Configuration** tab.
      3. In the sidebar, click the **Permissions** tab.
      4. In the **Resource-based policy statements** section, click **Add Permissions**.

>          * Select **AWS account** as the entity which will invoke the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * Select **AWS account** as the entity which invokes the function.
```

### Gloo Edge configuration

Modify your Gloo Edge installation settings and upstream resources to support routing to the Lambda functions.

1. Disable Function Discovery (FDS), which automatically discovers functions in your authentication account. You can disable FDS in one of the following ways:
   - In the Gloo Edge Enterprise Helm chart, set `gloo.discovery.fdsMode` to `DISABLED`.
   - In the `gloo.solo.io/v1.Settings` custom resource, set `spec.discovery.fdsMode` to `DISABLED`.

2. Create an upstream resource for each Lambda function that you want to route to.
   - In the `spec.aws.awsAccountId` field, specify the ID for the account that contains the Lambda functions.
   - In the `spec.aws.lambdaFunctions` section, specify the Lambda function details.
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: gloo.solo.io/v1
   kind: Upstream
   metadata:
     name: aws-upstream
     namespace: gloo-system
   spec:
     aws:
       region: us-east-1
       secretRef:
         name: aws-creds
         namespace: gloo-system
       awsAccountId: "123456789012"
       lambdaFunctions:
       - lambdaFunctionName: target-name
         logicalName: target-name
   ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optional: [Verify routing](#verify-routing).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optional: [Verify routing](#verify-routing).
```
